Hello Everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
I wonder if those who took part on Twitter's Mitra Sphere campaign are watching me right now.
We were able to surpass 1000 retweets!
Yaaay!
And with that being said...
I...
Am...
... Officially in the game! Yaaay!
*Kizuna Ai makes her appearance in the world of Mitra!*
And also, it comes up that now...
My... This!
My ribbon! It's the ribbon from my head!
*It’s guaranteed that they’ll get Ai-chan’s ribbon*
You are gonna be able to get it!
Yaaaaay!
I guess that some people got it already. They are probably using it right now! Don't you think so?
Let's go and take a look at it!
This is a fantasy world that makes you feel like you are on a fairy tale!
Aahh, so beautiful! It's really beautiful!
It looks like a fairy tale, doesn't it?
With the concept: "Re:Action original RPG"
It comes out that...
... You can customize your avatar...
... You'll be able to become whatever you want!
In the clouds.
Oooohhh!
The sky! The ocean!
Oooohhh...
Amazing, isn't it?
Cha-chaaaan!
This is my screen time!
She's really adorable, isn't she?
It's just a reproduction...
... But it looks a lot like me.
Please take a look at the ribbon of my head!
She has the ribbon on her head!
Ooooh! Amazing! So amazing!
*Uuhh!
Hyaaahaaa!*
Hyaa! *Laughs*
*Hello*
Eh? Everyone is using my ribbon!
Amazing! Eh?
Take a look, please. Take a look at this...
Alright!
*I'm counting on you!*
Well, now that you're saying this...
You can count on me!
Ehhh...
Cha-chan!
This is my phrase!
*Hai domo*
*Virtual YouTuber*
*Kizuna Ai here!*
*It's a pleasure*
How was that?
*I'm counting on you / Thank you very much / I'm counting on you*
Amazing! Everyone is talking a lot! *Laughs*
*No problem*
Amazing.
* Ok-maru? / I'm the craziest one here!*
(You can learn more about "Maru" in Ai-chan's #18 video)
"Ok-maru?"
Crazy? *Laughs*
Amazing! It's a chaos, a total chaos.
Amazing, even those handsome guys are using my ribbon.
Amazing, my ribbon is all over the place!
That's great! Amazing!
There are so many ribbons!
It's amazing, isn't it?
They are moving from place to place!
Eh? This makes me so happy!
I hope it becomes a trend in the real world as well.
And of course, if you use the avatar like this it will look so adorable, but...
... It comes out that...
... There are a lot of gears in this game...
... And they won't be able to become more powerful unless they get the strongest gear...
If I don't change my gear...
... I will die just like I do on every game I play.
That's why I'll become stronger! I want to be able to help everyone here!
I'm thinking about getting a powerful gear!
It's just that...
... In the summoning given as a celebration for 700.000 downloads...
... It's guaranteed that you'll get a 4 stars rare weapon for any class you pick!
Yaaay!
With that being said, let's do some summonings right now!
I'm a swordsman, so...
... I'll take this.
Well, a 4 stars one...
Alright, It's guaranteed that I'll get a 4 star rated weapon...
... So I hope I'd get at least two of them with a 4 star rank.
With that being said, let's do this!
Yes!
Hello!
Go!
What did I get? What did I get?
At least I want 2 of them to be rainbow colored!
Eh?
And now...?
Eeehhh...?
Eeehhh? Eeeehh?
Eeeh?
Oh! Oh! Oh!
Oh! Four stars! Good! Good! Good! Good!
And now...!
Eeehh!
Eeehhh?
And now...! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!
Ya-haaa!
I GOT 2!
I did it, right?
I'm so lucky.
I'm so lucky! Alright!
What do you think about it?
I definitely have a lot of luck, right?
Man, that was so good, wasn't it?
I want to do this 10 weapon summoning for every class!
I wanna get this that says "Pick up"
("Pick up" objects are rare and they can be seen a lot)
If it's all about me, I can get it! Please, please...
Eeehhh?
And now...!
EEEEHHHH?
No, but...
... I have guaranteed at least 1 of them, right?
Right?
Aaaahh, that was close!
*Close enough (It's for a different class)*
Aaahh...
There comes something good, right?
The best part is for the end, right?
There it comes, right?
And now...! Ah! Ah! Ah! It's really here! Ah!
Ah, it's the same that we got earlier...! Ah! Oh?
Eh?
So...
... That was close, wasn't it?
That was so close!
That was close!
*That was close (It's for a different class)*
Man, I got 5 that are not for the swordsman class, right?
Well, but I still...
... Can change my class.
You know, the shield looks really good, it's great.
Although I...
... Would like to have this big sword.
And now, I'm going to do the summoning called "The series of the wise Foglia gale"
It's just that...
... This summoning...
... Will only cost 1 gem the first time you do it.
Man...
... I wonder if I'll get the strongest weapon of the swordsman class.
With that being said, let's do it!
But, This summoning doesn't guarantee that you'll get a 4 star object.
Eh, I'll get it, somehow.
There I go.
Aahh... Hey! I can do this!
I can do this.
Oh! Oh! Oh!
Oh! There ara a lot of them! A lot of them are shining!
Aaahhh!
I don't want that!
Something good is coming up! Right?
Come on, I want something good!
And now...! Ah! Ah! Aaaahh!
Aaahhh!
It's not what I wanted, but...
I got a 4 star rare one!
Alright!
And now... Nothing happened...!
No, but look...
... I got one, right?
Right?
Man, I got a lot of 4 star objects!
I'll equip them immediately.
Now...
... I'll take advantage...
... Of one that I like a lot...
... To change to the "Guardian" class.
So I'll take this!
Chaaaan!
What do you think?
It looks very powerful! Right?
Man, I'm amazing. How can I carry such a big weapon with my small body?
With that being said, I'm done equipping my character...
... And it seems like a lot of people are playing, so...
I want to go and fight with them!
Ooohhh!
Oh! Amazing!
There are a lot! There's so many people!
There's so many people!
Amazing!
I'll greet them again!
"Hello everyone!"
"Virtual YouTuber"
"Kizuna Ai here!"
Ooohhh!
I'm so popular, that makes me so happy.
*I'm counting on you!*
*Mmm... Alright*
Are they counting on me? I see, I see...
*I'm counting on you!*
"I'm counting on you!"
Ooohhh!
Amazing, isn't it?
It's amazing! Amazing!
Amazing!
Alright, I want to begin doing quests, but...
... In order to take advantage of the occasion...
... I won't play alone...
... I'll be doing a quest for this video, so...
I'm thinking about doing the mission called "Maragna, the poisonous crawling wrecker!"
Alright, to play with others...
... I'm thinking about creating a dedicated lobby.
"For the ones who want to clear the quest: Maragna, the poisonous crawling wrecker!"
And then...
... I send it to the world...
Alright!
I wonder if they will come.
Ah!
Ah, did more people join?
Is this the dedicated lobby?
Is everyone coming?
It makes me so happy!
*Thank you very much!*
*I'm counting on you!*
*How are you today?*
Look! Look! Look! Look!
I can jump! Jump!
*Ai-chan jumping noises*
That's great. That's great, isn't it?
*Ok-maru?*
"Ok-maru?"
*Okay! / Alright!*
Ooohhh! They responded to me!
That's great! It's so funny, isn't it?
In that case, let's go right now!
This time I'd like to talk with everyone as much as I can, so...
... I'll talk in automatic mode.
"I'm counting on you!"
Oooh!
*I'll protect you!*
"I'll protect you!"
*How was that?*
Hu...
*That was perfectly executed!*
Ooohhh!
That's great, isn't it?
Aahh! Amazing! Amazing! Did you see that?
It was such a cool skill!
Everyone is so powerful!
Amazing!
*This will be a piece of cake!*
*I want to connect with everyone!*
Amazing!
*Do your best!*
Come on! Do your best!
Oh! It seems like we're gonna make it! Doesn't it?
*Pishaaa!*
Pishaaaa!
*Doyoooon!!*
“Doyooon!"
Ooohhh!
*I want to connect with everyone!*
*Congratulations!*
*Good job!*
Amazing!
Everyone, thank you very much!
Ooooh! Amazing! You clear them faster when you play with a lot of people, don't you?
Ah, they have my ribbon on their heads! Thank you very much!
Alright, I'll do it one more time!
*That was so funny! I'll do it one more time!*
Let's create a lobby!
There we go!
Its stomach is amazing, isn't it?
It looks like jelly, it looks so tasty.
*I’m counting on you!*
That’s right!
Oh!
That's good! Isn’t it?
Ah, everyone's so strong!
She’s losing health so fast, isn’t she?
*Bring it on!!!*
Bring it on!!!
Am I being helpful, too?
Ohh!!
*Thank you very much!*
*Good job!*
Yay! I did it!
Yes, as I thought, it's more fun to play with people than playing by yourself!
Ah, it's so fun like this!
I like that you can communicate as if you're really chatting!
And, of course...
While I'm using Kizuna Ai's voice, my own voice...
Apart from that, there are yandere lines like this, and docile lines like this...
There are all different patterns for the voice chat,
so you can be the person you want to become!
It's good!
Although they can't become me, but...
I’m a unique girl! I am the ONLY GIRL!
Look at this! So many people are hopping in!
I'm glad!
Everyone, by all means, I've pasted the download link for Mitra Sphere and my ID in the description...
So download Mitra Sphere and hop in, and let's be friends!
And I'll tell you beforehand the times I'll make appearances, so let's play together!
Oh!
You can move the screen when you touch it.
I can see everyone’s ribbon hopping around!
And the characters are really cute, aren’t they?
Awesome! Thanks, really!
This has been Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai! See you!
Translated by Zerch and StargazerOntan